# Meeting 3 - 26 Jan 22

## 1. Progress Update

- User stories for MVP are reasonably mature and can be used as basis for other requirements
- Koray has completed all wireframes for mobile platform for all the MVP features
- Leigh has revised dataflow diagrams for MVP and a few extra features, they are nearing completion.
- Leigh has started to flesh out the Readme with some bullet points for the description section.

## 2. Readme file - planning methodology

- Discussion of the content required for this section including:
  - That it's an agile methodology
  - Our chosen planning methodology of tasks prioritisation, allocation, estimation.
  - Communications with meetings daily, ad hoc comms via discord

## 3. User profiles / Roles setup

- With reference to the developing wireframes, discussion on the planned implementation of users and roles
- Decided to use devise_jwt for tokens rather than knock
- A login page as part of the interface linked to one central user store, not separate for customers vs employees
- Employees assigned a role which defines their available functions.

## 4. Blockers

Planning on asking for advice tomorrow (today is public holiday) on whether features from the "extras" list should be documented as part of Part A, in case they will be implemented in part B.  This affects current tasks such as user stories, wireframes and dataflow diagrams.  Koray will ask Glen tomorrow.

## 5. Next Steps

- Koray to continue working on wireframes
- Leigh will move one user story for business statistics for managers to be moved to extras
- Leigh will work on Application Architecture Diagram
